Uh-huh.
Ah, what... what did you do to me?
I know wrong
Hurry up!
let
today
Thank you for your help
Hehe, I decided to draw another fairy general tomorrow
Five-day human tour
Miss, great thing
One person wins Mr. Zhang
I just saw it.
It stands to reason that the Zhang family's financial resources are not lost, and there is a beautiful family
No chance
Miss, I don't know where a few mysterious rich people came from
Billions
Successfully turned the situation around
Billions of days
Yes, that's him.
The Linglong Tower is in his hands
He saved me
Ye Shenyi is also him
Grandpa benefits tomorrow
No one will object anymore
I'm going to ask grandpa to make a ring.
Grandpa
I can finally marry you openly
Leaf rock
You're really capable
But you are very different.
If you let Ruyan know that you are pretending to be a god dress
I don't know what the expression will be
I'm really looking forward to tomorrow's banquet